contents of googledoc in here, this file really exists to help with folder formatting in VSCode. 
- also works for quick reference.



Essentially going to have two base files which other files will extend off of depending on what is needed

These will have the name of the game centered above the navbar, then the navbar, then the body block will have everything underneath the navbar.
 
HomeBase.html
This will be the first base fill which will include the navbar and any footer necessary for the display.
Navbar items (these are all pages that will extend the homebase.html)
Home Page 
Have the title screen with the press play button
Market Page
Where you can see all of the market listings (possibility to add sorting by price, tier, etc.) 
Also where you can list any items that are in your vault/inventory
Vault Page
See the current inventory or the items that are in a players vault, also see current dice amount
Can equip items, remove items from current inventory, add items to inventory
 How to Play
Outline of how the game works, yada yada yada
Account Page
View current account information like username, email, change passwords, 
Log out

DungeonBase.html
This will be the second base which will be used when the user is in the game. 
Navbar items
{current room}
This will be where the user can view which room they are in, passed from the backend, will say like (boss room, monster room, treasure room, etc.)
This is not a webpage, just a jinja element we are implementing into the navbar to easily view.
{dice count} 
Show the player their current dice count
Also not a webpage
Inventory 
Player can see their current inventory and equip items and such
Exit dungeon 
Player exits the dungeon and returns to the home page.


 Web Pages to build:

Out of game pages (extend homebase.html):
Home Page
Market Page
Vault Page
How to Play Page
Account Page

In game pages (extend DungeonBase.html):
DungeonHome
This is where the game will be held, all game actions will go here. 
Inventory Page
Must have a back button to go back to DungeonHome, with current state.
